yeah we're gonna do I got a plan see a
plan yeah holy shit double tap double
tap don't tap oh shit no time soon cool
back up awesome
I kind of scared me a lil is like whoa I
did not set coming ok I got you cool
moon ok yes
ok now it's always a plan and hit plan
you know I'm gonna do I'm gonna get that
small keep that zombie the bathroom then
I'll have any more shit that's that good
ok cool no I do want to save Howard
pocket
Oh we'll do this pressing over that
cool here's a question torn between two
spots to go ask all the bathroom if I
could get that of the way we know better
idea more efficient oh my god face of
fucking dogs want to face a dog um to do
nobody the key soon fuck
damn it sorry guys sorry come on lot of
plans you know roughly 27 minutes okay
put this back that get this just in case
from per game oh yeah fuckin I got a
feeling we don't need that
um I was taken what the hell wait do I
even the fine I want to have to take too
many backtracking steps no locked it
cool let me in yeah I got a feeling we
don't need that small key I don't
remember Jews always ever show up in
there until we're safe in here how much
you know this we need I think what is it
yeah we need that dog whistle thank you
12a blah blah blah blah blah blah
translation find the dog you find the
fakie got it thank you I will take that
unfortunate the dog is ready to fucking
kill you well you know what we're going
to do we're gonna take thee when I take
the small key bucket oh god with that
was in here you look it's locked and
Evelyn armored car in the back okay then
we need to go this way go this way this
way if you're actually you just has a
walk-through i forgot to mention if
you're actually using us to walk through
like the first place I'm part with one I
think is where I walked oh my god I need
that little spark this all attached
statue you take the thing at the bottom
and you move it over and you go up top
and you can take the map the first day
you don't need it
there's a zombie are gonna freak No okay
cool
it's locked and what was argh oh wait I
have a fucking hell I knew when you need
a key god damn it it's locked and wear
armor okay fine oh I'm sorry guys
wasting your time back down through here
piss me off we don't need a dog whistle
for a while you put that away sort key
awesome thank me okay are we good
I really don't like how this game is so
goddamn quiet I really don't like to say
what's new in my life I'm really busy
with college turkey thank you what else
is new well same shit different day work
school heat sleep pretty much sums up
sums it up now we want to run one else
is this key used Godwin the hell are we
gonna use it
you know I'm going to take my chances
I'm going to go see if I can sneak the
dogs here it's gamble a little bit here
yeah yeah yeah bouncing girlfriend
bouncing college if YouTube finally back
on YouTube let's have a high five for
five seconds here we're back not five
yeah little sparkly thing on top that
see ya nothing okay here's the moment of
truth where the dogs attacking or not
well like you stole something good what